Add notes for Chocolatey CLI 2.2.1 (#800)
chocolatey/docs: input/en-us/choco/release-notes.md

- Improve error message that is shown when defaultPushSource configuration value hasn't been set and no explicit source has been provided - see [#3280](https://github.com/chocolatey/choco/pull/3280).

## 2.2.1 (August 3, 2023)

> :choco-warning: **WARNING**
>
> Refer to our [Upgrade Guide](xref:upgrading-to-chocolatey-v2-v6) for recommendations before upgrading from 1.x versions to 2.x.

### Bug Fixes

> - Fix - Can't find choco.exe after upgrading Chocolatey with MSI - see [#3286](https://github.com/chocolatey/choco/issues/3286).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix - Can't find `choco.exe` after upgrading Chocolatey CLI using the MSI - see [#3286](https://github.com/chocolatey/choco/issues/3286).
```

> - Fix - Unable to do non-elevated operations when cache location is set to restricted directory - see [#3291](https://github.com/chocolatey/choco/issues/3291).

Reviewer 2: I think

```suggestion
- Fix - Unable to do non-elevated operations when cache location is set to a restricted directory - see [#3291](https://github.com/chocolatey/choco/issues/3291).
```

> - Fix - Unable to do non-elevated operations when cache location is set to a restricted directory - see [#3291](https://github.com/chocolatey/choco/issues/3291).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix - Unable to do non-elevated operations when `cacheLocation` is set to a restricted directory - see [#3291](https://github.com/chocolatey/choco/issues/3291).
```

- Improve error message that is shown when defaultPushSource configuration value hasn't been set and no explicit source has been provided - see [#3280](https://github.com/chocolatey/choco/pull/3280).

## 2.2.1 (August 3, 2023)

> :choco-warning: **WARNING**
>

> > Just prior to the public release of Chocolatey CLI 2.2.1 an issue was identified which meant that the release could not be completed.
> > Instead, work will be completed to correct this issue, and a new Chocolatey CLI 2.2.2 release will be completed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>  Chocolatey CLI 2.2.1 was removed from public availability due to a bug identified just prior to the release.
```
